/* This is the guidance of GEM5 TPC Simulator. */GEM5-TPC Simulator is used to simulator the behavior of benchmarks executed on different TPC configurations.##	Input FilesThe input files contains the benchmark source code and the power profile.###	benchmark source codeThe benchmark source code is the input program of the simulator.If the benchmark contains peripheral configurations. The peripherals need to be configured as a virtual device. After that, the source code is cross compiled to ARM source code for GEM5-TPC simulator.####	virtual device configurationVirtual devices are constructed with the `vdev` object defined in `\source\vdev`. In the current version, each device supports only one function. The virtual devices are defined in the execution script file (`\configs\example\simple_energy_vdev.py`) as follows.STEP 1: define the actual/virtual address space of vdevs.```pythonsystem.has_vdev = true					# turn on the switch of vdev supportsystem.vdev_ranges = [AddrRange('512MB', '512MB')]	# Actual addresssystem.vaddr_vdev_ranges = [AddrRange('1000MB', '1000MB')]	# Virtual address (1 Byte in this case)```STEP 2: construct a vdev.```pythonsystem.vdev = VirtualDevice()system.vdev.cpu = system.cpu 				# set the connect cpusystem.vdev.range = system.vdev_ranges[0]			# set the address spacesystem.vdev.delay_self = '10ms' 				# set the delayssystem.vdev.delay_cpu_interrupt = '100us'system.vdev.delay_set = '200us'system.vdev.delay_recover = '100us'system.vdev.is_interruptable = 0 				# unpreemptiblesystem.vdev.port = system.membus.master 			# ported to memory bussystem.vdev.s_energy_port = system.energy_mgmt.m_energy_port 	# ported to energy bus (with slave port)```Here, a virtual device is completely configured.If you need to access this device in the benchmark, you have to assign the target memory address and ####	ARM cross compileThe sources codes should be compiled to ARM profiles. ```bashaarch64-linux-gnu-gcc-5 [src_file_path]/[file_name.c] -o [obj_file_path]/file_name```Currently, `[src_file_path] = \tests\test-progs\[file_name]\src\` and `[obj_file_path] = \tests\test-progs\[file_name]\bin\arm\linux\`###	power profileThe power profile is a list of power input with `profile\[energy_profile_name]`. The format of this profile is a list of harvested energy of each time unit, such as the following, ```4.7772864.7772864.7772864.777286...```The profile and the time unit width is configured in the EXECUTION script in `\configs\example\[execution_script_name]`, such as `\configs\example\simple_engy_vdev.py`.```pythonsystem.energy_mgmt = EnergyMgmt(path_energy_profile = 'profile/energy_prof', energy_time_unit = '10us')```or ```pythonsystem.energy_mgmt = EnergyMgmt()system.energy_mgmt.path_energy_profile = 'profile/energy_prof'system.energy_mgmt.energy_time_unit = '10us'```##	PlatformThe simulator platform contains the GEM5 simulator framework and the energy state machines. Once the system code or the state machine program is changed, the user should rebuild the project with the following command in the `gem5` folder.```bashscons build/ARM/gem5.debug -j[kernel_number]```where `[kernel_number]` represents the kernel number used to build the simulator.##	Output LogThe output log is in folder `m5out`. One can nominate the output content and file name with command.```bashbuild/ARM/gem5.debug --debug-flag=[Flag1, Flag2, ...] --debug-file=a.out [script_path]/[script_name.py]```